add information about package missing docs (#773)
uyuni-project/sumaform: TROUBLESHOOTING.md

```
rm -r .terraform/
```

> ## Q: Why package docs are not available after package installation?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Q: Why are documentation files not installed after package installation?
```

> Sumaform uses JeOS and by default zypper is configure to not install docs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sumaform uses JeOS and, by default, `zypper` is configures to not install docs.
```

> To change it edit file `/etc/zypp/zypp.conf` and change the property `rpm.install.excludedocs = no`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To change that behavior edit `/etc/zypp/zypp.conf` and change the property `rpm.install.excludedocs = no`
```
